# PROJECT SUMMARY

Implementation of "travel planner" multi-agent assignment for [UDACITY "AGENTIC AI" Nanodegree](https://www.udacity.com/course/agentic-ai--nd900) - Module 1

# PROJECT DESCRIPTION

Let an AI agent prepare a detailed, day-by-day, travel schedule for a list of travelers.
The input data (travelers' expectations, travel budget, travel dates, available activities and weather forecast) is used by an OpenAI LLM to prepare a detailed itinerary matching the travelers' expectations and constraints.

# PROJECT STEPS

- Step 1: An initial travel schedule proposal is generated by an agent based on the vacation details brief. This is performed using Chain-Of-Thought prompting and an OpenAI LLM.

Then the app must revisit the initial schedule to incorporate the feedback of the traveler on this first proposal.

- Step 2: The initial schedule is modified by a second agent to incorporate the feedback of the traveler. This second agent operates using ReACT prompting (Think/Act/Observation cycles). Available tools to the agent include a set of validation steps guiding the agent towards an optimized solution.

# PROJECT STRUCTURE & HOW TO RUN

- Set up virtual environment using uv
  `uv init` then `uv sync` from the project folder
- Populate an OpenAI API key in the .env file
- Run the agents using main.py script in /src
  `ùv run python src/main.py` from the project folder
- Mock-up data can be found in utils/data.py
- Travel itineraries are saved to the 'outputs' folder
- The ReACT agent usually solves the case in less than 10 steps.


